# Sprint 1 Retrospective Summary
[Recording](https://emailwsu.sharepoint.com/teams/2021.PULLM.CptS.421.423-F5CTF/Shared%20Documents/F5%20CTF/Retrospective/Retrospective%20Meeting%201.mp4)

## What went well
* Demo
* Task management
  * For the last week or so of the sprint.
* Team split up
  * Colby + Richard - User Interface
  * Ethan + Zhaohu - Planning out challenges
  * Logan - Bootstrapping backend with Kubernetes

## What didn't go so well
* Task management
  * For the first two weeks of the sprint, we were a bit disorganized and didn't
    utilize GitHub issues to the best of our ability.
* Caught off guard by the sprint 1 deadline.

## How can we change our process?
* GitHub notifications
  * Recommended that everyone set up their GitHub notifications so that they see
    when they are assigned to tasks, new comments, etc.
* Task management
  * Colby will be writing descriptions, which we can discuss / clarify inside of
  GitHub.
  * Adding / tagging people in issues will be helpful.
* Repository checks
  * Our repository checks work well right now.
  * Logan explained what checks are running right now, and that we can tune them
    to make them less annoying if requested. In particular, the default linter
    rules are very picky.
